# Welcome to the Statistics Cookbook!

I've always been one to learn through examples. Here I work through various canonical examples for statistical concepts and techniques I'm interested in. My intuition grows through doing; it's not enough to read a textbook or even read code, I typically have to write it out from scratch myself to understand it. Later, it's a lot easier to follow my own notebooks when I want to relearn a concept or deploy something similar on a live project or problem.


### Bayesian Recipes

I've been a fan of Bayesian modeling since I read most of Richard McElreath's incredible book Statistical Rethinking. I had a great bayesian methods teacher at Stanford but I found the subject pretty difficult back then; it really came alive for me with Statistical Rethinking. The Bayesian approach makes a lot of sense to me but I haven't always found it easy to actually deploy in real world situations. There's a lot of process and intuition involved on the modeling side that you don't get just by reading! And one thing I've found is that industry problems often tend to be either too hard or too easy to learn new methods on--either you take the 80/20 approach or you go on a long campaign to deeply address a really hard modeling task. I started Bayesian Recipes because I wanted to explore a wide range of Bayesian techniques without being either too deep or too shallow about it. The folder features a number of notebooks where I work through canonical problems found in Statistical Rethinking or other sources using PyMC, starting from simpler problems and getting more complex. 
